Let me show you something cool.
This is the live analytics page.
Entries,
counts,
and totals update instantly.
And look here,
it's neatly separated by recipient,
because in weddings,
everyone secretly wants to know
who got how much.
Now let's see how guests add their entry.
Guests simply enter their name.
Choose the amount,
and if they're feeling emotional,
they can add a message too.
Once that's done,
it's time to pay via UPI.
We support all popular apps
GPay,
Paytm,
or just scan the QR code and done.
After paying,
guests simply click,
I have paid.
This helps us track payments properly,
and don't worry,
we take 0% commission.
So yeah,
no registers,
no confusion,
just a simple smooth way to manage everything.
Sign up today and track your payments the modern way.